so you'll have to drag your leg because
you were very spirit weight right and
smaller then one more time big one too
soon there was the first training
session we had and I did not have any
expectations I wanted to kind of take it
easy to be honest with him a brain is
fried my hips don't know whether they're
coming up going if they're going left or
right so not too big you see you went
way too big for this I need more hips
smaller steps so it's all about the hips
yeah everything was completely backwards
to how I thought it would be you know
like I think the thing is could you
actually walk your hips naturally do
something but when Latin it's it's the
opposite to what your brain thinks
you've got to learn to walk one good big
one too
to fall sweet math has definitely got
the potential in many stages of what we
need Susan she learns really quick all
we needs really just bring the sexy
animal out of him
they were good pickup cha-cha oh god
that's weird
- at this point I'm not worried which is
because it was just of you know first
rehearsal I will see later on but I
think we're gonna have a lot of fun with
Matt